
	BattleNetBoy Ver1.00




【Software name】	BattleNetBoy Ver1.00
【Copyright holder】　　SUMA
【Production date】　　　2018/3/23
【By type】	Free software
【Distribution source】　　　http://www2.hp-ez.com/hp/sumagame/page1
【Possibility of reprinting】　Yes
【Operating environment】　　Arduboy
【How to uninstall】Please remove the software directly

―――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
≪Copyright and Disclaimer≫

　This software is free software. Regardless of personal / group / internal use, please use freely.
　The copyright is owned by the author SUMA.

　With regard to all obstacles, damages, defects, etc. caused by using this software, we are not responsible for any parties and organizations to which I and my stakeholders and I belong. Please use at your own risk.

・at first
	Thank you for downloading.
	This game is a game made to play with Arduboy.
	You can install "Arduino IDE" in arduboy from the development environment and start the game.


・Operation during game
	・Main Menu, Folder Screen
	　↑↓item selection
	　ＡＢDetermine and change items

	・Operate the battle screen
	　↑↓←→Character movement
	　ＡCard selection
	　ＢActivate selected card

・How to play the game
	・1P VS CPU mode
	　This game is an action card game fighting with 15 card decks.
	　We move 9 squares of 3 × 3 square and fight.
	　The one who first reduced the opponent's HP to 0 is the winner.
	　To attack an opponent, select the card displayed at the bottom left and attack it.

	　In the lower left card, one card is replenished from the card deck created by yourself each time the left gauge is accumulated.
	　You can have up to five cards.

	　Each of the cards has a gap in the upper, middle, or lower of each icon.
	　When attacking with a card selects the icon with the same gap as the card selected last time,
	　The left gauge increases by 33%.
	
	　Also, up to four obstacles can be placed. If four or more are placed, the oldest obstacles will be broken in order.
	
	・CPU1 VS CPU2 mode
	　It is a mode in which CPUs fight with 3 cards set.


	・Card Folder mode
	　This mode is used to edit cards used in 1P VS CPU mode.

・About the card
	There are 16 kinds of cards in all.

	　・Buster　Power30
	　　It fires a bullet in front of you and attacks it. Also, when launching balls gauge increases by 33%.

	　・Cube
	　　自分の目の前にキューブを設置します。

	　・Tank　Power80
	　　I will put a cube in front of my own eyes.

	　・Gunman
	　　I will set up a gunman to fire the power of 30 balls in front of my own eyes. The direction of attack will change depending on the position.

	　・Air　Power40
	　　It fires bullets that are effective in extruding obstacles in front of you.

	　・Bomb　Power120
	　　Throw a bomb that will detonate one squirre up and down before three squares.

	　・Throw　
	　　Throw a cube before 3 squares and install.

	　・Wave　Power60
	　　Shock waves attacks that do not affect obstacles will be in front.

	　・Break　Power50
	　　It fires bullets that have the effect of destroying obstacles in front of you.

	　・Gust
	　　It fires bullets that have the effect of pushing obstacles in three vertical columns from behind yourself.

	　・Twin　Power60
	　　It attacks by shooting bullets in two vertical rows where I am not from my back.

	　・Paraly　Power20
	　　It attacks by firing a bullet with a paralysis effect in front of you.

	　・Boomer　Power70
	　　When you move forward three masters in front of you, you firing a bullet that comes back.

	　・Explos　Power300
	　　It attacks one's top and bottom, left and right of yourself.

	　・Prism　
	　　Install obstacles that have the effect of reflecting less than 100 attacks in front of yourself. It disappears when it receives 100 or more attacks.

	　・Fire　Power120
	　　It fires a bullet in front of you and attacks it.

・Change log
2018/3/23　ver1.00　Completion